(Don't take this disclaimer seriously)
Video made for fun in 2012. Also I'ma add subtitles to this. Pointlessly.
(Yay, YouTube vid corruption)
ABE: This is Rupture Farms.
They say it's the biggest meat processing plant on Oddworld.
I used to work here...
Well, I was really a slave...
Like all the others.
That's me.
My name is Abe.
I was employee of the year.
Now, I'm dead meat.
I crossed the meanest boss in the world...
Molluck, the Glukkon.
My whole life changed, in just one day.
I was working late one night...
At Rupture Farms.
We used to make "Meech Munchies"...
Until the meeches were through.
We still made "Paramite Pies"...
And we made some good "Scrab Cakes", too.
I thought I had a good job.
But that was before I knew...
How we'd make "New 'n' Tasty", I was still to find.
The truth, it turned out...
Now that would blow my mind.
The Glukkons were scared, 'cause profits were grim.
SLIG: Okay, boss. Here ya are!
GLUKKONS: [unintelligable sounds of disapproval]
ABE: Paramites and Scrabs had been turning up thin.
MOLLUCK: As you can see, things are going down.
GLUKKON: What'cha gonna do about it, huh Molluck?!
MOLLUCK: Watch.
ABE: But Molluck was cool.
He had a plan.
GLUKKON: Ah-ha!
ABE: This new kind of meat...
It was us!
MOLLUCK: We've got plenty of Mudokons! We'll chop them up!
[Manic cackling, evil laughter]
ABE: I just had to escape...
I just had to be free...
And I didn't even know,
I had a destiny.
So...
GET ME OUTTA HERE!
AUTHOR: See video description for more coherent credits...
I think I was high or something when I wrote these.
But at least you get to look behind the scenes!
Slig skin by Blackgaze, thanks again for your approval, and sorry I never contacted you.